README.md, before:

QIBA-PDF-evaluation-tool
========================

The QIBA-PDA-evaluation tool allows to compare the results from DCE-MRI analysis software applied to digital phantom data with the initial parameters.

========================

The application is under development, and is available with source code. Later the stand-alone version will be distributed. 
The source code could be found in "QIBA_evaluate_tool.py". Under the condition that all required packages are available, run this file will launch the application.
When the stand-alone installer is available, alternatively the user can run the installer and install the application on the computer.
A short manual could be found in file 'Manual.doc'(may be out of date, but I will try to keep it up to date). 
The reference and calculated data for demonstration could be found in the folder 'reference_data' and 'calculated_data'. 

========================

For running the application with source code, the following libraries are required(all are in 32bit version):

-- this tool is developed in Pyhton2.7: https://www.python.org/

-- the GUI development is under wxPython:  http://wxpython.org/download.php

-- for displaying the scatter plots, matplotlib is used: http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#matplotlib

-- several other supporting libraries for matplotlib may be required: http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#matplotlib

-- to read the DICOM files, pydicom is used: https://code.google.com/p/pydicom/

-- to use the statistics package, scipy is used: http://www.scipy.org/

-- to manage the data in array form, numpy is used: http://www.scipy.org/

========================

The installer for Windows is built with cx_Freeze: http://cx-freeze.sourceforge.net/

After installing this package, the documentation of cx_Freeze could be found here: http://cx-freeze.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

Simply to say, the script setup.py is needed alongside the application script, in order to build the installer;

With Window command line under the script folder, type 'python setup.py bdist_msi' to build, and resulting in to new folders created: 'built' and 'dist';

The Windows installer shall be found under the folder 'dist', named as 'QIBA evaluate tool-0.1-win32.msi'.

Commit message:

- added export html to pdf function with wkhtmltopdf(only test text yet. Next step is to export the real results) - enable/disable export/evaluate buttons and menu logically

README.md, after:

================================================
QIBA-PDF-evaluation-tool
================================================

The QIBA-PDA-evaluation tool allows to compare the results from DCE-MRI analysis software applied to digital phantom data with the initial parameters.

================================================
Organization of the source folder
================================================

The application is till under development. Till now it is available in source code and Windows installer.

The source code could be found in "QIBA_evaluate_tool.py". Under the condition that all required packages are available, run this file in Python will launch the application.

Alternatively the user can run the installer and install the application on the computer.

A short manual could be found in file 'Manual.doc'(may be out of date, but I will try to keep it up to date). 

The reference and calculated data for demonstration could be found in the folder 'reference_data' and 'calculated_data'. 

================================================
Required packages or tools(all are in 32bit version)
================================================

-- this tool is developed in Pyhton2.7: https://www.python.org/

-- the GUI development is under wxPython:  http://wxpython.org/download.php

-- for displaying the scatter plots, matplotlib is used: http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#matplotlib

-- several other supporting libraries for matplotlib may be required: http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#matplotlib

-- to read the DICOM files, pydicom is used: https://code.google.com/p/pydicom/

-- to use the statistics package, scipy is used: http://www.scipy.org/

-- to manage the data in array form, numpy is used: http://www.scipy.org/

-- to export the results to PDF file, the tool "wkhtmltopdf" is used: http://wkhtmltopdf.org/

================================================
To Build installer
================================================

The installer for Windows is built with cx_Freeze: http://cx-freeze.sourceforge.net/

After installing this package, the documentation of cx_Freeze could be found here: http://cx-freeze.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

Simply to say, the script setup.py is needed alongside the application script, in order to build the installer;

With Window command line under the script folder, type 'python setup.py bdist_msi' to build, and resulting in to new folders created: 'built' and 'dist';

The Windows installer shall be found under the folder 'dist', named as 'QIBA evaluate tool-0.1-win32.msi'.
